Allow pxf server debug during automation (#806)
greenplum-db/pxf: automation/README.md

There are some test suites that cause PXF to restart as part of the test case. We assume that if a user is enabling the `PXF_TEST_DEBUG` flag, then they may also like to debug the PXF Server, so when the automation app restarts PXF, we restart with the flag `PXF_DEBUG` (ex: `PXF_DEBUG=true pxf restart`). This also means that a running PXF server debug session may be disconnected while running automation. For that reason, it is easiest to start the PXF server debug session after any necessary restarts have completed.

1. Run automation with `PXF_TEST_DEBUG=true PXF_TEST_DEBUG_ATTACH=true` to connect to the automation debug session.
2. Attach to the automation debug session
3. Add a breakpoint at the beginning of the automation test case you are running, or at the end of the beforeClass block to ensure that the debug session properly attaches
4. Attach to the PXF server debug session

> 5. Debug as you would normally.

Reviewer: In general we have asymmetry in naming: `PXF_DEBUG` means listen for debugger session for PXF server, `PXF_TEST_DEBUG` means do not remove test data after the automation test (and maybe smth else ?) and `PXF_TEST_DEBUG_ATTACH` means listen for debugger session for automation. 

Maybe use this chance to align the naming, remove `_ATTACH` from the name for debugger enablement and use some other flag for preserving test data ?

Author: Previously, you were required to have `PXF_TEST_DEBUG` for `PXF_TEST_DEBUG_ATTACH` to take effect. I removed the dependence on each other. 

In the same commit, i also changed `PXF_TEST_DEBUG` to be `PXF_TEST_KEEP_DATA` and moved `PXF_TEST_DEBUG_ATTACH` to just be `PXF_TEST_DEBUG`. Would this help with the clarity here?

TestNg report will generated into target/surefire-reports
<img src="images/68125531.png" class="confluence-embedded-image confluence-content-image-border" width="1084" height="612" />

# IDE Setup (IntelliJ) and Automation Debugging

There are 2 flags that can be used to debug automation tests:

1. `PXF_TEST_KEEP_DATA` - does not remove any test data after an automation test.
2. `PXF_TEST_DEBUG` - will cause the automation application to wait for a debugger to attach to the session before proceeding.

### Intelli Automation Debug Setup
In IntelliJ, create an `Automation Debug` configuration:

1. Click Run > Edit Configurations
2. Select '+', and pick 'Remote JVM Debug'
3. Name the configuration `Automation Debug` and set the host to `localhost` and the port to `5005`
4. Set your breakpoints in the automation test of your choice.
5. Run automation with `PXF_TEST_DEBUG=true`

### PXF Server Debug during an Automation Debug

There are 2 different JVMs running when automation tests. The first is the automation application itself that can be debugged. The second is the PXF server that the automation suite is testing.

> Setting the `PXF_TEST_DEBUG` flag in the automation app will also set the flag `PXF_DEBUG` to enable debugging of the PXF server itself. This also means that a running PXF server debug session may be disconnected while running automation. For that reason, it is easiest to start the PXF server debug session after any necessary restarts have completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting the `PXF_TEST_DEBUG` flag in the automation app will also set the flag `PXF_DEBUG` to enable debugging of the PXF server itself if the automation restarts PXF server during some of the tests. This is done so that a debugger can be connected to a PXF server restarted by the automation tests.
```
